README: Reorder and add a new introduction (#143)
NordicSemiconductor/zcbor: README.md

zcbor
=====

zcbor is a low footprint [CBOR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CBOR) library in the C language that comes with a schema-driven script tool that can validate your data, or even generate code for you.
Aside from the script, the CBOR library is a standalone library which is tailored for use in microcontrollers.

The validation part of the script can also work with YAML and JSON data.

> It can e.g. validate a YAML file against a schema and convert it into CBOR.

Reviewer: In other nordic repos we have been told not to use these type of latin abbreviations, should we consider sticking with that for this repo as well?

```suggestion
It can for example validate a YAML file against a schema and convert it into CBOR.
```

The schema language used by zcbor is CDDL (Consise Data Definition Language) which is a powerful human-readable data description language defined in [IETF RFC 8610](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc8610/).

zcbor was previously called "cddl-gen".

CBOR decoding/encoding library
==============================

The CBOR library found at [headers](include) and [source](src) is used by the generated code, but can also be used directly.
If so, you must instantiate a `zcbor_state_t` object, which is most easily done using the `zcbor_new_state` function.

> The elem_count member refers to the number of encoded objects in the current list or map.

Reviewer 2: Can we have variable names in their `inline` markdown form?

Author: I put elem_count in backticks.

elem_count starts again when entering a nested list or map, and is restored when exiting.

elem_count is one reason for needing "backup" states (the other is to allow rollback of the payload).
You need a number of backups corresponding to the maximum number of nested levels in your data.

> Backups are needed for encoding if you are using canonical encoding (ZCBOR_CANONICAL), or using the bstrx_cbor_* functions.

Reviewer 2: Same as above with regex'd names. Avoids markdown getting confused about `*` being the start/end of an italics/bold section.

Author: I put ZCBOR_CANONICAL and bstrx_cbor_* in backticks.
